Proof of a Round Earth

Method no. 1 : The gravity of the situation
There are many ways to prove that the earth is not flat by applying gravity fundamentals. To begin we will talk about the state of the earth:

Say the earth were flat by Appling gravity the earth is not stable enough to support itself resulting in the earth collapsing. In the centre of the “flat earth” the gravity will be a lot stronger there for making it harder to walk at the edge there would only be a fraction of such gravity. 

With the fact of such Gravity present the structure would easily collapse consuming the biolayer of earth in a deep layer of minerals. Why? Well the fact is simple because of the difference in compression from the bottom of earth to top and also the unstable flat shape; The bottom of earth will have a higher attraction to the centre than the top will likewise the outer edge of earth will have a less strong attraction applying this will “thicken” the earth from top down making the radius less while doing so therefor becoming a sphere.

Another gravity point is that the further you walk from the central origin from earth the angle of tilt you will be walking up against will increase because of the unbalance gravity on your left side to your right (say walking east) by the time you reach the edge you will essentially be walking 180* degrees.

Method no. 2 : Nature
Another way to counteract the “flat-earthers” argument is with the fact of nature.

According to what we have discovered from nature so far it all proves counter contrary the way that earth was constructed is virtually impossible to have been flat as we know the rocks formed of earth were particle “leftovers” from a star attracted by electromagnetism then forming small clusters attracted by gravity the way that earth is formed cannot have been flat unless we were created in some massive linear gravity well but even such phenomenon is certain to be impossible. The only way a flat earth could of been made was artificially.

Another method is to point out the fact of particle fusion. Why when we mine does it get harder to break though and hotter? Well that’s because of the condensation in earth as other minerals are compressed down to the centre of earth by gravity compressing the minerals also changing the heat white doing so. Another question is how could such an anomaly occur in a flat earth? Well it can’t in a flat earth such mining issues would not be present we would be able to easily mine through earth (from anywhere but the centre) geo-heating would not exist at all.

Method no. 3 : Edge loss
Another issues with there theory is the issues that the edge will be leaking off half the materials of earth.

To begin with all water would naturally try to expand and end up coming off only a few remote oceans would survive. Say there was a wall to stop it from coming off: the resources and time to build it would be immense it would overtake most of the world’s deposits let only the strength required + maintenance.

Also the proof also lies by airplane and ship travel the sphere earth path from one side of the flat earth to the other side is a lot shorter than the path from one flat earth position to another.

Method no. 4 : Time zones
Time zone play a big part of proving the earth is round and showing issuesin the flat-earther illustrations.

To begin with the flat earthers so far claim the sun is much closer than you think and it acts as a spotlight effect on earth. Well yes the is technically plausible but the fact that in all illustrations flat earther display the earth as a circle acts as a bad argument. Okay, so take earth at a point of light: unwrap it on its latitude and longitude (corresponding to x and y values) its should seem to have a vertical bar of light dissolving from the x of it into darkness, Okay, now wrap that rectangle into a circle, It doesn’t seem to have a spotlight effect in anyway does it.

In fact it would look like a circle with a strip at a certain degrees (depending on the rotation of earth) instead of that “spotlight effect” that flat earther talk about, unless the sun is a vertical bar that rotates around the centre of earth I don’t think that the current theorem is proof enough its pretty obvious just by looking up to get the general shape of earth or by looking in a photo since the sun is bright and can blind you!

Method no. 5 : General knowledge
Looking over flat earther articles it becomes obvious of the theme. The one thing that all flat earther seem to post is not proof that the earth is flat but a theory or how they did it. They don’t give any proof why the earth is flat but round earther give actual reasons.

I hope this article has convinced you otherwise of a round earth this article has not focused on any common sense based aspects as they can overly be overcame by flat earthers.

Thank you for taking the time to read this proof sorry if it seems any flaws (this article was written by a 12 year old)
